Princess Iris, the arrangements are finished.
Sir Kazuma is now an official guest of the—
So, Darkness was standing there completely
naked apart from a towel, and embarrassingly—
E-Embarrassingly what?!
Well...
What was she doing embarrassingly?!
You wretch! What are you filling
Princess Iris's head with?!
Are you trying to get cut down?!
She said she wanted to hear the story!
You do not refer to her without her title!
For you, she is "the princess"!
This chick is a pain in the ass!
I've told Kazuma-sama that it's all right
for him to call me by my name.
P-Princess Iris...
M-More importantly, what did Lalatina
do as she was clinging to her towel?!
You must not!
This is one of those stories
that isn't fit for hearing!
Sir Kazuma... I ask you not to fill Princess
Iris's head with these kinds of stories.
I'm sorry.
She actually listens to
people here at the castle.
If you insist. In that case...
I'll tell you about the time
I beat Darkness in a bet
where the loser would go
through some crazy stuff.
B-B-B-By all means! I must hear about it!
No you mustn't, Princess Iris!
Nothing he says needs to be listened to!
He's no good at all!
KONOSUBA!
God's Blessing on this Wonderful World! 3
Episode 3: A Re-education for This Bright Little Girl!
So, next I'll teach you what to do
when a Giant Toad swallows you.
First thing you'll wanna look out for is...
To sum up the current situation...
W-Welcome, Kazuma-sama.
You are welcome to make yourself at home.
This will be your room.
Uh, hey, miss... a word?
My name is Rain.
Rain-san... This is kidnapping, isn't it?
You've been welcomed as a guest, so no.
No, come on, it totally is!
It's strange seeing Princess Iris,
who's usually so obedient,
do something like this.
I ask that you humor her for a bit,
as she so rarely makes selfish demands.
I get it, but still...
"I'm sorry."
"I was just so jealous of how
much fun Lalatina seems to have."
"I only ask that, for a few short days,
you keep me company, as well."
So she says.
Aw, ain't that cute?
Understood.
Rain-san, could you let my friends know
I'll be sticking around for a while?
A culture festival?!
That sounds like so much fun!
Running a shop with other people my age!
Oh, but it might be hard to
secure wages for everyone...
I had no idea she'd enjoy
hearing about school so much.
I was bored out of my mind in those days,
but the princess here is genuinely jealous.
If it sounds that good,
why not open a school?
Devil King Army alert.
The knights are to mobilize at once.
Any high-level adventurers
are requested to assist.
They've come again?!
Given the state of things, it's not really
the best time to immerse myself in studies.
Come to think of it, this world has that
Devil King guy's mess to deal with.
The stealth raid by the Devil
King's army has been suppressed.
Any adventurers who contributed should speak
to the guild receptionist for your reward.
Sneak attacks on the royal capital?
What the hell is going on with this country?
The Japanese expat cheaters around
here need to carry their weight more!
Thank you so much
for all the amazing stories
you shared today.
You can speak to Rain about being
teleported back to Axel tomorrow.
Even the castle isn't completely safe.
True.
It's not like I can defend this
place even if I do stick around.
And while it's been a mixed bag,
I'm sure those goofs in Axel
are probably worried about me.
Kazuma.
Kazuma!
Kazuma...
I hate to leave, but I guess I'd better.
Would you tell me more about
your adventurers another time?
Of course. I'll come see you again, Iris.
Something about you reminds
me of my older brother.
I don't get to speak to
him like this anymore...
So, while I'd like for you to stay longer,
I shouldn't keep being so selfish.
What did you say?
Uh... well, I'd like you to stay longer...
No. Not that.
I remind you of what, exactly?
Um... how it used to be
with my older brother—
Once again from the top, please.
Y-You're like my older brother.
Again, please. More casually, if you can.
Like my big brother?
I decided to stay at the castle!
You rang, Kazuma-sama?
My morning coffee, please, Sebastian.
My name is Heidel, sir.
If you could, Heidel.
Um... I was going to make your bed.
Don't worry about me, Mary.
R-Right...
G-Good morning... Big Brother.
I love it! Being called
"Big Brother" is so great!
Good morning, Iris.
Please put some pants on!
KONOSUBA
Iris, no! It's not what you think!
Your big brother isn't some kind of pervert!
I understand! Please, just finish putting
on your pants, Elder Brother!
Please, keep using "Big Brother"!
It feels like you're pulling
away, and it's killing me!
Iris! Iris!
Iris stopped calling me "Big Brother."
As for what I got up to after that...
We'd play hide-and-seek,
games of tag...
And I'd occasionally disrupt her lessons.
Basically, I spent my days as her playmate.
I was hoping you would play
this game with me today.
Every now and then, she seems a little
embarrassed to ask for something...
I guess Rain was telling the truth about
her usually being kind of restrained.
I get the feeling
Iris realizes how much the people
around her are at the mercy of her desires.
I'm not letting you win, and if we're
playing, we're playing for keeps!
You still wanna do it?
Y-Yes!
I want to play seriously, too!
All right, just don't cry if you lose!
And if we're doing this seriously,
then etiquette comes first!
Let's have a good game.
Um... maybe we should call it a day?
You wanna just win and run, is that it?!
I thought we were playing for real?!
And don't hold back 'cause
you wanna stop playing!
I can tell if you lose on purpose, got it?!
I realize this was my
idea in the first place,
but you are being a colossal
pain, Elder Brother!
I win, baby!
You are so childish, Elder Brother.
Oh, you're talking big
after you just lost, huh?
Still, I guess you managed
to earn this bamboo copter.
Oh, thank you!
Let's head out and play with that next time.
You should really get outside
the castle more often.
You never know when you'll run into
a friendly neighborhood demon,
or a lich that survives off of bread crusts.
P-Please don't make fun of me
just because I'm sheltered!
There's no way that devils
or liches like that exist!
Besides...
If I were to leave the castle,
it'd require an escort of royal guards.
KO! NOSUBA...
You rang, Kazuma-sama?
My morning coffee, please, Sebastian.
My name is Heidel.
If you could, Heidel.
It's already been a week.
Now, Mary the maid should be coming
in to change these sheets soon...
However shall I make her job more
difficult, the way any noble would?
Here she comes.
Good morning, Mary!
But don't expect to be able to
swap these sheets out too easily.
Now, if you want to make quick work
of this task, you must say...
"Master, please allow me to collect..."
Collect what, exactly?
Go ahead and finish your thought, Kazuma.
Go on. We're all ears.
Finish what you were saying.
M-Master, please allow me to collect the
sheets with your scent on them so...
The sheets with your scent
on them so... what?
Not going to finish? I thought you were
an old hand at sexually harassing people.
Stop acting embarrassed and say it.
P-Please don't make—Wait,
why are you even here?!
To drag you home! Why else?!
Megumin's been so worried
she could barely sleep!
Th-That was a coincidence!
Please don't cause any
weird misunderstandings!
I've been promoted to Iris's playmate!
I've got stability and safety now! Buzz off!
You imbecile! That is not an
official duty in this country!
This is in no way fair, Kazuma!
We all beat the Devil King's
generals together!
I get to live in a castle, too, or it's unfair!
Stop talking, Aqua!
You're confusing the issue!
E-Excuse me...
Princess Iris.
I'm sorry.
I overheard what you were saying.
As pitiful as he may be,
he's become an adventurer
of some note in Axel.
There are those in that town who
consider themselves his friends,
who worry about about him.
Including us.
I ask that you give him his leave.
Tell her no, Iris!
"Big Brother is gonna stay in the
castle so we can play together!"
You're right. I apologize
for being so selfish.
You can do this! Tell 'em off, Iris!
Come on! Come on, Iris!
You're the best around, Iris!
You have supreme authority in this castle!
Show 'em who's boss!
You tell them that! Go on! Do it!
Say, Lalatina...
Is it okay if I hold a going-away
banquet for him tonight?
KONOSUBA!
Hey, hey, Kazuma!
This is amazingly good!
All-natural wild melon topped with ham!
And it's still really fresh!
This is great, too!
It's sushi rice with flan on top,
topped with wasabi and soy sauce!
Yeah, sure. Good for you guys.
It's so squishy in my mouth!
Oh, so beautiful yet again!
A flower that only blooms
by moonlight once a century pales
in comparison to your beauty!
Indeed!
You flatter me.
Incidentally, Lady Dustiness,
have you found a fiancé yet?
If you have not...
What are you talking about?!
I've been seeking her hand for a long time,
so clearly I should receive
preferential treatment!
She's a real hit.
This is preposterous.
Lady Dustiness already has
an appropriate partner...
Lord Alderp!
What are you even doing here, Pops?!
Be silent!
Because you sent the Destroyer's
core to my mansion...
The repairs are still not
finished, I'll have you know!
I must know, who were you talking about
regarding the match for Lady Dustiness?
You're still chasing after
Darkness's tail, old man?
That's "Alderp-sama" to you!
And there is only one man fit
to be wed with Lady Dustiness.
He is currently battling the Devil King's
forces while wielding a sacred sword...
The first prince, Jatice!
The kingdom's champion, Prince Jatice,
and Lady Dustiness, who has slain
the Devil King's generals of late...
What better pairing could there be?
T-True enough.
Who could possibly be better suited
than First Prince Jatice?
He's got a point.
Hey! What about our torrid affair?!
What the heck, Lalatina?!
You're just ditching me?!
Wh-What in the world are you yelling about?!
Were those intimate times
together just a joke to you?!
You were calling me "Master" just the other—
I must warn you, too much of this
teasing might cost you quite dearly!
You sure about that, Lalatina?
Showing off your brute strength
might scare all the boys off—
Oh, my! You are such a convincing actor!
KONOSUBA
I only meant a little harm.
I just...
found myself saying some weird stuff when
I saw how uncomfortable Darkness looked.
And isn't this supposed to
be my going-away party?!
Everyone's having a great time
without the star, I see!
Because he's right here!
The star! That's me!
What are you doing out here?
Iris! You're such a good girl!
Being alone at parties like this
is an absolute ego killer!
I could not have asked
for a better little sis!
C-Come on...
And next, I will take this glass...
and produce a giant toad
from out of nowhere!
She's doing her performer thing again.
Behold, my giant—
The castle is going to be
so quiet after tomorrow.
No one will be making Claire upset
or causing trouble for Rain anymore...
Sounds like a good thing!
I honestly don't get what you see in me.
I've never met anyone like you.
Everyone normally dotes on me,
but you never back down.
You're so rude, and so honest.
You would teach me, a royal,
the strangest things,
and act so immature,
desperate to win against me.
Hey. I wasn't asking for a list of complaints.
I was asking what you do like about me.
Right. And that's exactly
what I was telling you.
She's so freaking adorable!
I don't think I'll ever forget
the time we've spent together.
I envy Lalatina.
I'm sure... she must enjoy every day.
Starting tomorrow, she's going to repress
herself and act like a princess again,
pretending to be a good girl
with no selfish desires.
Is there really no way I can
stay here at the castle?
Maybe if I could be an adventurer...
Did you know?
The royal family has historically had great
potential in magic and other talents.
I might not be able to be
a Crusader like Lalatina,
but maybe I could be a magic user or priest?
I'm sure I'd be the kind of amazing adventurer
that could even surprise you, Elder Brother!
Or maybe...
I could become a thief, like the one
everyone's talking about lately!
But Claire would probably be mad at
me, even if I was a noble thief...
What did you just say?
About the noble thief?
There's a thief who only targets
nobles with nefarious reputations.
And after every robbery,
they make a large donation to an
orphanage run by the Eris Church.
E-Elder Brother?
Jackpot!
KONOSUBA
KONOSUBA!
I would love to spar with you—
Darkness!
Oh, good timing, Claire.
Wh-What is it?
I heard there's some kind of noble thief
hassling the nobles around the capital?
Th-That is true.
Nobles with bad reputations
do seem to be under fire.
Well, I'm gonna nab this
so-called noble thief!
Huh?
The thief no one has secured
any leads on whatsoever?
Just who is that seedy-looking fellow?
He's not very remarkable. Some associate
of Lady Dustiness, I think...
Uh, noble folks? I can hear you.
I don't care how good his intentions are!
Theft is still theft! I can't just ignore that!
Justice has never been near the top of your
priorities before. What brought this on?
I'm going to stay behind
in order to protect everyone!
You are unbelievable!
Magnificent!
Just as I would expect of
Lady Dustiness's comrade!
Not that I've personally done anything to
earn the noble thief's ire, mind you...
Likewise! I've done nothing
wrong, I assure you!
No, not a single thing that
would paint a target on me...
These guys couldn't be more obvious.
Oh, I see, I see!
You can't wait to see your beloved
elder brother in action, huh?!
Leave it to me!
I'll laze around the castle a bit more,
and eventually catch this guy!
We're counting on you, unremarkable lad!
I always knew he had it in him!
Hurry and catch this rogue
so we can all rest easy!
Wait, what's up? We get to keep
eating tasty food here tomorrow?
Very well, then! It seems I'll need to
save plenty of room for tomorrow's meal!
What are you two saying?!
Very well, then.
Sir Kazuma will be stationed at
the residences of likely targets
in an effort to catch the thief.
I ask you all to fully cooperate
with him in his search!
Damn it! This is not what I wanted!
I'm touching you on purpose! I'm touching you on purpose.
Oh, Devil King, it's been a while. This is your loyal servant writing,
the Growth Chimera, Sylvia. The climate here is wonderful.
It's almost like being on a long vacation.
Thinking back, I worked non-stop without taking any breaks.
Maybe I was desperate to live up to people's expectations... no.
I think I didn't want to be outdone by the men around me.
I may have been too headstrong for my own good.
From a house aside the bubbling waters of the River Styx, with love...
touching you on purpose.
-Sylvia
Episode 4: Divine Punishment for this Handsome Gentleman Thief!
I'm touching you on purpose!
I'm touching you on purpose.
Oh, Devil King, it's been a while.
This is your loyal servant writing,
the Growth Chimera, Syl—